c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\SophiaTest.dll.config
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\SophiaTest.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\SophiaTest.pdb
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\obj\Debug\SophiaTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\obj\Debug\SophiaTest.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\obj\Debug\SophiaTest.pdb
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\obj\Debug\SophiaTest.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\conrado\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SophiaTest\SophiaTest\obj\Debug\SophiaTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
